Add Continuous Access evaluation policy (#9679)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy.md

---
title: "continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy resource type"
description: "Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) helps in managing authentication sessions in real time. CAE allows customers to handle access to resources by supporting instant revocation events."
author: "jerrysai"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) is Microsoft’s new approach to managing authentication sessions in real time. CAE allows customers to handle access to resources by supporting instant revocation events.  For more information, see the [Continuous Access Evaluation documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/concept-fundamentals-continuous-access-evaluation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous Access Evaluation (CAE) manages authentication sessions in real time. CAE allows customers to handle access to resources by supporting instant revocation events.  For more information, see the [Continuous access evaluation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/fundamentals/concept-fundamentals-continuous-access-evaluation).
```

Will the user know what the term 'instant revocation event' means?

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy](../api/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy-get.md)|[continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy](../resources/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy.md)|Read the properties of a [continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy](../resources/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy.md) object.|
|[Update continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy](../api/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy-update.md)|[continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy](../resources/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy.md)|Update the properties of a [continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy](../resources/continuousaccessevaluationpolicy.md) object.|
|
## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|description|String|Continuous access evaluation automatically blocks access to resources and applications in near real time when a user's access is removed or a client IP address changes. Read-only.|

> |displayName|String|Continuous Access Evaluation. Read-only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|displayName|String| The value is always 'Continuous Access Evaluation'. Read-only.|
```

|groups|String collection|The collection of group identifiers in scope for evaluation. All groups are in scope when the collection is empty.|
|id|String|Specifies the identifier of a continuousAccessEvaluationPolicy object. Read-only.|

> |isEnabled|Boolean|True to indicate if continous access evalulation should be performed.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|isEnabled|Boolean| `true` to indicate whether continuous access evaluation should be performed; otherwise `false`. |
```
